Re-Organize Terra documentation (#261)
cerner/terra-ui: src/terra-dev-site/about/ComponentStandards.b.about.mdx

import MarketingIcon from '../icon/MarketingIcon';

# Terra Component Standards

> All terra components adhere to the following standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Terra components adhere to the following standards.
```

## Responsive Support

> Components work responsively without introducing horizontal scrollbars on resize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are designed to function correctly within Terra's supported breakpoint ranges.
```

## Mobile Support

Components must:
* Support gestures when possible (swiping / pinching)
* Not use hover events without an alternative method of accessing the same information
* Avoid small tap target sizes

## Accessibility (A11y)

Terra components comply to WCAG 2.0 standards. Use the following guides to help build accessible components.

> * [WCAG 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)

Reviewer 2: should we specify [all of these](https://github.com/cerner/terra-toolkit-boneyard/blob/master/src/wdio/services/TerraCommands/axe-command.js#L51) or are these descriptions inclusive, where-as axe is not?

Author: I think it would be sufficient to say that we comply at the AAA level. WCAG is inclusive, it's just axe that is additive (which is weird).

> Components should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components must:
```

* Support gestures when possible (swiping / pinching)

> * Not use hover events without a alternative method of accessing the same information

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Not use hover events without an alternative method of accessing the same information
```

* Avoid small tap target sizes

## Accessibility (A11y)

> Terra components are accessible. Use the following guides to help build accessible components.

Reviewer: Do we want to explicitly call out our level of compliance here as WCAG 2.0?

* [WCAG 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)
* [Section 508](https://www.access-board.gov/guidelines-and-standards/communications-and-it/about-the-ict-refresh/final-rule/text-of-the-standards-and-guidelines)
* [Color Contrast Checker](http://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

Components support keyboard navigation.

> All functionality that is available by mouse or touch must also be available by keyboard. Keyboard operation is possible by moving to ('focusing') interactive elements and activating them using keystrokes.

Reviewer: Is the purpose of this doc to describe how Terra components _are_ or to describe to consumers how Terra components _must be_? We either need to more/less 'musts' depending on what we're going for.

Author: The problem is this doc pulls double duty for both describing terra's features and informing contributors of the standards they must meet. We probably need fewer musts.

* Swedish `sv`
* Swedish (Sweden) `sv-SE`

## LTR / RTL

Terra support both LTR and RTL directionalities. This is largely handled by our use of [postcss-rtl](https://github.com/vkalinichev/postcss-rtl). When working on CSS changes, be sure to test in RTL.

## Themeing

Terra components support the following themes:

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we mention the default theme as well?

Author: Yeah probably

Reviewer 3: what do we call it?

Author: Good question

Author: We could avoid the question:

```
Terra components support the following additional themes:

* clinical-lowlight-theme
* orion-fusion-theme
```

> * clinical-lowlight-Theme

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* clinical-lowlight-theme
```

* orion-fusion-theme

## CSS

Components follow [sass-guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es/), provide Style encapsulation via [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules), adhere to our [stylelint config](https://github.com/cerner/stylelint-config-terra), and follow our [CSS conventions](/about/terra-ui/contributing/conventions#css-conventions) for Terra UI.

## JavaScript

Components follow [Airbnb javascript style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript), adhere to our [eslint config](https://github.com/cerner/eslint-config-terra) and our [JS conventions](/about/terra-ui/contributing/conventions#javascript-conventions) for Terra UI.

## Testing

> Components must include unit tests via [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) tests and functional tests via [Webdriver.io](http://webdriver.io/) and follow our [testing conventions](/about/terra-ui/contributing/conventions#testing-conventions) for Terra UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Components are tested with unit tests via [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest) tests and functional tests via [Webdriver.io](http://webdriver.io/) and follow our [testing conventions](/about/terra-ui/contributing/conventions#testing-conventions) for Terra UI.
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth mention we do manual screen reader testing ?
